Update emp-deployment.md (#181)
UMAprotocol/docs: docs/developers/emp-deployment.md

sidebar_label: Deploying an EMP Contract
---

This tutorial will show you how to deploy an ExpiringMultiParty (EMP) contract by using the UMA `launch-emp` repository. By following these instructions, you will be able to launch a custom EMP on the Kovan testnet or Ethereum mainnet. 

## Alternative contract deployment tool

> As an alternative to deploying your contract manually, you can use a community made contract deployer. The [deployer tool](https://syntheticbuilder.xyz/) allows you to deploy the same EMP contracts as the above tutorial at the trade-off of being able to customize parameters. Contracts launched with this tool are still eligible for Developer Mining Rewards.

Reviewer: Just some language suggestions.

```suggestion
As an alternative to deploying your contract manually, you can use a community made synthetic token builder. The [builder](https://syntheticbuilder.xyz/) allows you to deploy the same EMP contracts as the tutorial below. It offers an easier deployment process, but less options for customizing deployment parameters.
```

> Please note: this tool has successfully deployed contracts to mainnet and is community built and maintained. Use at own risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note: this tool has been used to successfully deploy contracts to mainnet, but is community built and maintained. Please use at your own risk.
```

sidebar_label: Deploying an EMP Contract
---

> This tutorial will show you how to deploy an ExpiringMultiParty (EMP) contract by using the UMA `launch-emp` repository. By following these instructions, you will be able to launch a custom EMP on the Kovan testnet or Ethereum mainnet. The following tutorial is highly recommended for you to get familiar with the process. 

Reviewer: I think adding this sentence is unnecessary

> This tutorial will show you how to deploy an ExpiringMultiParty (EMP) contract by using the UMA `launch-emp` repository. By following these instructions, you will be able to launch a custom EMP on the Kovan testnet or Ethereum mainnet. The following tutorial is highly recommended for you to get familiar with the process. If you are familiar with process and understand how to correctly set parameters you can use a community made contract [deployer tool](https://syntheticbuilder.xyz/) to launch your EMP. 

Reviewer: Can we present the syntheticbuilder as more of an alternative?

Just separating this out into a different paragraph after "...Kovan testnet or Ethereum mainnet" and saying something like:

"As an alternative deployment option, you can also launch an EMP through this community built synthetic token builder. This provides an easier deployment process, but may limit some customization. As a disclaimer, this tool has been used successfully by contract deployers, but is community built and maintained, so please use at your own risk."

Thoughts?

Simulating Deployment...
Simulation successful. Expected Address: 0x44978157afE92c926619EBB54599bbc483eBe871
```

> ### Alternative contract deployment tool

Author: pushed this to the top and added a heading otherwise it did not flow so neatly
